During todays session I felt more comfortable with the system... writing the instructions clearly helped.

I feel like I was quite mindful of my thoughts and detected them before drifting too far.

Some thoughts are sticky and required peristence to let them go.

For me it is clear that a sense of directionality in the thought process exists. Nevertheless, sometimes there are loops.

Other realization that is not new, is that at the start of the meditation session the complexity of the thoughts is higher than towards the end. This is true for sessions when I achieve to calm my mind, and reduce its motility.

I define mind motility as the throughput of thoughts. 

This raises the question (and is a fundamental question for this project): What count as thought and what count as two. Where does it lie the boundary between them? When the throughput is high a thought for me is a notion that can be summarized in a short sentence. Such as: I haven't done that shore, I should do x thing or Maybe this is a better representation for x. 

The last example presents an interesting case, because the _better representation_ was present in my mind as well.

At the end of the sessions the thoughts were simpler. I thought of a person for example. I like that person, and the thought produced a good feeling, but not an idea or a plan, simply a symbol.

For now what constitutes a single thought will be that which is projected in my mind during a single period of time. That which occupies my consciousness at any given moment. 

Dealing with divided atention is something I don't feel ready to explore yet. Nevertheless is clear that one can be anchored in ones breathing and the mind is still churning symbols. For me isn't clear if theres flickering attention (not concurrent) or divided(multiplexed).
